README.md, before:

FavPress Framework Plugin
=========================
![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/moewe-io/favpress.com.svg?branch=master)

FavPress started as a hard copy of [Vafpress](https://github.com/vafour/vafpress-framework), which was abandoned by their original developers. 

## Goals and motivation

Our initial goals are

1. Create a stable and up to date version of the original Vafpress.
2. Only one version, no freemium or premium version. Everyone should be able to use the framework without thinking about.
3. For developers. We want a basic framework developers can easily use. Just basic features, not too fancy stuff or too many features.

## Use in your plugin or theme

See the official [documentation](http://favpress.com)

## Contribute

Any contribution is welcome. You can:

1. Contribute to the FavPress code base.
2. Report issues and help others within the issues section.
3. Spread the word.
4. Help us translate the core.
5. Develop plugins using the framework.
6. Fund us through buying our [plugins](http://codecanyon.net/user/scrobbleme/portfolio?ref=scrobbleme).

## Credits

The original authors of [Vafpress](https://github.com/vafour/vafpress-framework).

Metabox Support:

- WPAlchemy MetaBox PHP Class
  by Dimas Begunoff
  http://www.farinspace.com/wpalchemy-metabox/

- Multiple WYSIWYG
  by Kathy (helgatheviking)
  http://www.kathyisawesome.com/426/multiple-wordpress-wysiwyg-visual-editors/

Icons:

- FontAwesome
  by Dave Gandy
  http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/

and probably many others.

Commit message:

Added demo plugin to documentation

README.md, after:

FavPress Framework Plugin
=========================
![Build status](https://travis-ci.org/moewe-io/favpress.com.svg?branch=master)

FavPress started as a hard copy of [Vafpress](https://github.com/vafour/vafpress-framework), which was abandoned by their original developers. 

## Goals and motivation

Our initial goals are

1. Create a stable and up to date version of the original Vafpress.
2. Only one version, no freemium or premium version. Everyone should be able to use the framework without thinking about.
3. For developers. We want a basic framework developers can easily use. Just basic features, not too fancy stuff or too many features.

## Example Plugin

You can download an [example plugin](https://github.com/moewe-io/favpress-demo-plugin) from [here](https://github.com/moewe-io/favpress-demo-plugin/releases/download/1.0.0/favpress-demo-plugin-stable.zip).

The plugin:

* Gives a nice overview of FavPress features
* Is a good entry point for developers using FavPress

## Use in your plugin or theme

See the official [documentation](http://favpress.com)

## Contribute

Any contribution is welcome. You can:

1. Contribute to the FavPress code base.
2. Report issues and help others within the issues section.
3. Spread the word.
4. Help us translate the core.
5. Develop plugins using the framework.
6. Fund us through buying our [plugins](http://codecanyon.net/user/scrobbleme/portfolio?ref=scrobbleme).

## Credits

The original authors of [Vafpress](https://github.com/vafour/vafpress-framework).

Metabox Support:

- WPAlchemy MetaBox PHP Class
  by Dimas Begunoff
  http://www.farinspace.com/wpalchemy-metabox/

- Multiple WYSIWYG
  by Kathy (helgatheviking)
  http://www.kathyisawesome.com/426/multiple-wordpress-wysiwyg-visual-editors/

Icons:

- FontAwesome
  by Dave Gandy
  http://fortawesome.github.com/Font-Awesome/

and probably many others.
